OSDOCS-20646: CQA of SPO Advanced Logging Files (#115037)
openshift/openshift-docs: security/security_profiles_operator/spo-selinux.adoc

toc::[]

[role="_abstract"]

> To control what namespaced workloads can access on RHCOS nodes, use the Security Profiles Operator to create SELinux profiles, bind them to pods, and record policies from running applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To control what namespaced workloads can access on {op-system} nodes, use the Security Profiles Operator to create SELinux profiles, bind them to pods, and record policies from running applications.
```

Author: Done, thank you.
